Automations (#4304)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/orchestration/ui/automations.md

# Automations

Automations allow you to take actions (such as cancelling a flow run or sending a notification to certain endpoints) when your flow or agent encounters a certain event.  

Current events that you can monitor are:
- A flow run enters a given state; 
- Runs from multiple (or even all) flows enter a given state;
- A Flow run fails to start after being scheduled for a certain amount of time; 
- A Flow run fails to finish after running for a certain amount of time; 
- All agents with the same agent-config-id become unhealthy. 

> For example, you can send a Slack message to your team when a run from a production-critical flow has failed, along with the reason for the failure, so you can respond immediately. Or you can cancel a run that has been stuck running for more than an hour.  The Prefect backend API currently supports hooks for Slack, Twilio, Pager Duty, email, and a more general Webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can send a Slack message to your team when a run from a production-critical flow has failed, along with the reason for the failure, so you can respond immediately. Or you can cancel a run that has been stuck running for more than an hour.  The Prefect Cloud's API currently supports notification actions for Slack, Twilio, Pager Duty, email, and a custom Webhook.
```
